Left, are you here?
Is he ok?
Ah!
Hey, be careful on the left, be careful
Dad
Don't touch him, he's in danger now.
Director Su, what happened to my father?
I'm afraid he is.
possessed evil
What basis do you have to prove that my father is possessed by evil?
Director Su, don't talk nonsense
This is a hospital.
Don't engage in feudal superstition
I can't prove it.
But there is one person who can prove it
And he's the only one who can save your father
Who Chen Hao
It was the day of Lintai's engagement party
Chen Hao, who is married to Miss Ye
Then find someone to treat my father
He has been expelled for a year for violating court rules
Where can I find him now?
Even if you find it
I'm afraid he won't be able to come either.
Why? If it's about money
You don't have to worry.
It's not about money.
Lin Gongzi, if you want to know
Ask your brother Lin Yuxuan, Yuxuan